Ten times that
Mr. Xie said that at least it was this tree
Hey, just as Mr. Ye said
Don't move yet.
I also think it's better not to move
Dad, I have to go
Don't worry Xiaofan
You tell me honestly
How are the stocks you bought?
Why has it been half a month?
No movement at all
Dad, please rest assured about the stock market
If you don't believe me
Which day do you press to enter the trial city, you can inquire and inquire.
Yes or no?
I go to the city in the afternoon
I'll ask myself
Wow! Why don't you believe me?
Hey, Mr. Ye
Hey, you came across this episode
Did you lose the stock you bought?
Just sent 100,000. No problem
What happened to Xu Shao
Oops, it's up.
It's all gone up. Huahai's stock certification has gone crazy.